good and welcome to the tasting channel
crocker here we are in a new video
of news after a few days
let's go over two pretty news
important especially the first one that
is about a possible new skin the
rumble that we will review is news
official so well let's go over to
below and we will also talk about
content of patch 4.4 that appears
tomorrow on the main server at
long tonight will be available
so let's start with the new
skin the rumble on the official page of the
ico play ens a few minutes ago they just
publish a new story in which
title the hero of a fallen city and
we see this image what appears to be
rumble good if you look at it has the
lighter with the flamethrower and the
appearance from rumble therefore
we are before an image of it
champion tell you that inside the news
there is also a text that says how could
be a hero if I can not protect them there
to keep in mind certain things there
people who think they are a new champion
there are people who say that it is a skin of
rumble others that is a visual improvement I
I think it's going to be a visual improvement
accompanied by a new skin you know
which is the champion that according to his output
as it came out he received two skins from that
era was coming
with two skins all the champions and not
has received none therefore it is already
time for a corner to fall
champion and that you visually touch up
they modified the fire a few weeks ago
the textures of fire you already know and good
tell you that they have left a small
spoiler at the time of the path
on the American website in the
which puts skin preview therefore we
suggests that it is a skin accompanied
of a visual improvement because because if
you count and follow the news of
channel a long time ago that the
game designers said they were not going
to remove any skin from rumble until
need a visual improvement of it
therefore if we look also at
the website appears a phrase that says
the following this is not the end it 's time
of an improvement highlighted the improvement
I will teach what Jordan is made of
so it seems that everything paints a
visual improvement accompanied by a corner
we will be attentive in the channel from
tomorrow, the 4.4 is activated
new patch therefore also
a new cycle starts on the pp server
and this makes more news appear
we can see maybe this rumble skin
with the
to avenge you do not know we will be attentive and
if you want all the news you know
what is your channel so
Let's continue now with the review of
patch 4.4 good here you have all the
content of the patch 4.4 tell you that
changes in the champions not yet the
I added more than anything because I do not know
they still know everything until they are
in the patch notes that will be
tomorrow or tonight we can not talk
clear about those changes that maybe
come out some things that are not in the in
the server pp or maybe it's different
so let's wait a little bit until
have it clearer to tell you that you can
navigate through any of the
content of patch 4.4 for was his
corresponding video either the skin of
arctic operation varus the skin that
we are seeing that I suppose it is a
price of 975 riot points also the
visual improvement of heimerdinger that has
received changes in the skins the
particle changes in the icons of
invoker new places new history
if you want to see all that you can do
click if you have activated the annotations
you can also see the new effects
visuals in summoner spells
such as, for example, barrier
teleport and turn on the also the
improvements in velcros textures for
make it look a little clearer
with new particles in the q the cove
mouse and perhaps the possible record of
dyn home skills that also
you will have access to the video and tell you that
the best is not added in this patch 4.4
We'll have to wait and see because
you know that sometimes on the baby server
they are modifying a long time
champion and then really do not take it out
so good as is the case of renting
for patch 4.5 maybe we'll see the skin
of abseiling we might also see
changes in rain garde and his skin who
know we will be attentive and for all of them
you have here the crocker tasting channel
news then players I hope that you
I liked it, you can give it to me
you can subscribe and follow me on twitter
arroba de kata crocker see you at the
next video goodbye